Fang Ming, keep trying.
Well done this time.
Thank you, Director Huang.
I'll keep trying.
Director Huang, I'm sorry.
Did I make the translation materials for the star project that Phuong Minh gave you?
Then you can send me the original documents.
Wait a minute.
Why is my computer broken?
Director, there's a problem with my computer.
But please believe me.
This translation document was created by me.
You go outside, I'll work overtime to finish the project first.
You don't have to continue the recipe out of jealousy
Phong Minh, I know you're jealous because I stole your promotion opportunity.
But you don't have to.
Okay, you don't speak Spanish.
At a time you've never had.
Join me tonight for the Moonlight Project.
Director, we're talking about the name that took my job.
If you protect her like this, you will not be afraid.
You threaten me, don't you?
If there's no evidence, shut up.
I will definitely prove that I worked overtime to translate this document.
Mr. Wang is in charge today, thank you.
But are you sure you want him to talk about the project with you?
He's the only person in the entire company who knows how to translate Spanish.
I'll have General Manager try to send him with me later.
Don't worry, the video and picture you want will be given to you after it is completed.
You mean that between 9: 50 and 10: 10 yesterday, the surveillance camera broke down.
Can't it be restored?
Can not be restored
How can I damage my computer and monitor at the same time?
This guy thinks it's really comprehensive.
General Director Do, wasn't your secretary sent to her room by you?
Why hasn't he been to the Crown Hotel?